all right it is Roger with I gadget geek
and I'm bringing my final review of the
Pantech Burst it is a brand new 4G LTE
device for AT&T now this retails for $49
on a two-year contract it has a five
megapixel rear camera with flash you
also have your secondary mic and your
rear speaker this 5 megapixel camera
will capture video at 720p and it also
has a forward facing camera for video
conferencing now at the very bottom you
have your four standard layout of your
capacitive buttons on the left hand side
you have your volume up and down the
very top of course you have your power
button and your 3.5 millimeter headphone
jack on the right hand side you actually
have your sink in charge port now on the
very bottom you have your main
microphone and the place to remove the
battery so we'll go ahead and remove
this battery cover and we'll pull out
the battery it is a sixteen hundred and
fifty milliamp hour battery you have a
micro SIM card in a SD micro SD card
slot now this does have a 1.2 gigahertz
dual-core processor with a gig of ram it
has 16 gigs of storage built in now you
can expand that storage with this
microSD slot to an additional 32 so
we'll go ahead and slide this battery
back in and get it to boot up and we'll
take a look around at the software
alright it is booting up now I have my
little backup battery here one of the
things I do want to show you on the lock
screen is the way it shows you your
charge level as the launch screen is
charging so we'll go ahead and let this
finish booting up and I'll show you what
I mean on that lock screen it is a nice
little tweak that pantech has done on
their lock screen so we'll let this
finish booting up and I'll show you what
I mean all right we are back at the
pantech has finished booting up you are
presented with your lock screen now you
have the center circle and you can drag
any one of these icons in the center to
unlock the device whether it be your
messages the internet your call log your
email or your music player or you just
drag it here to unlock it now I want to
plug in this little power here and show
you one of the neat things it does as
you're charging it so we're going to
kick that on now we are receiving charge
so we'll go back to the lock screen so
you can see that Center now is no longer
just white you actually have a charge
indicator that turns it orange as you
can see right there as it fills with
power that orange circle will completely
enclose right now we're at 87% so we'll
go ahead and go back in here and unlock
the device now this is running Android
2.3.5 so if we come to about device you
can see it is running Android 2.3.5 now
we'll go ahead and go back to the home
screen you are presented with seven home
screens now I have noticed that 1.2
gigahertz dual-core processor is very
snappy I've not noticed much of any lag
now I am using a static background so I
am not using a live background but we
can go ahead and go in here to
wallpapers and we'll go to a live
wallpaper we'll go ahead and stick a
live wallpaper on here just to give you
an idea of what it looks like we'll go
ahead and do the water so we'll set that
as our wallpaper and even with that live
wallpaper applied I have not noticed any
issues with lag or anything like that
now I do like the skin that pantech has
laid over this phone of course you can't
inch out to get a full out view of all
of your
different home screens now you have your
call button which takes you right into
your dialing pad and I do like the
colors they've used it's nice and bright
real easy to use you don't have any
problems hitting your buttons now you
also have your messaging app at the
bottom and your internet now this will
take you to your app drawer and one of
the neat things they've done about the
app drawer of course it slides from left
to right and pages but you can come down
here to menu and you can go to
background and you can actually change
you have a few selectable backgrounds
for that background image and you can
change what that background looks like
so you're not stuck with just the
standard background so once you make the
change and you can go through here you
have a different looking background
decide you don't like that you can come
back in here and change your background
I think that's a nice little touch that
pantech has done to give you a little
bit of light theming within the actual
stock operating system so go back to
home now this does come with some really
nice pre-installed widgets so you can
see here this is their calendar widget
it shows you the entire month and down
at the bottom it will give you any
upcoming events
now you also get pre-installed on the
widgets you can come here to your
pantech widgets so you can see you have
bookmark calendar clock contacts email
event notifications integrated clock you
have a memo music picture viewer recent
documents artists yes social so you can
see it has a lot of pre-installed
widgets from pantech plus you have all
these standard Android pre-installed
widgets now I have downloaded beautiful
widgets onto this device just to play
with it and use so you get a lot of
those pre-installed now the beautiful
widgets I did download from the Android
Market and that's what it is right there
the reason I like the beautiful wedge is
it gives you a lot of good information
all in one place
you have your camera button and this is
a five megapixel camera and I've been
very pleased with the camera and video
that this does shoot now keep in mind
this is a $50 phone onto your contract I
don't really want to call it an
entry-level phone because of the Speck
are so much higher than say an
entry-level phone this is going to be a
medium grade phone but at an entry-level
price now if you are new to android and
are just thinking about joining on to
the android this would definitely be a
good phone for you it's not going to run
you a lot of money now one of my
favorite features about the drop-down
menu on this phone as you can see we can
turn Wi-Fi off it has a little bit of a
graphic there as it turns on and off of
course you can do the same thing to turn
your Bluetooth on and off from this
notification your GPS your alarm your
sound you can turn on and off directly
from your notification and then if you
see this little green arrow if you touch
that you actually get extended settings
on that so you can go into your
Bluetooth settings from the notification
your tethering settings from the
notification bar your sound settings
manage apps all of that from the
notification drop-down I think it's nice
that they've integrated that into the
notification all in all this is going to
be a great phone for someone just
starting out or deciding maybe to jump
into the smartphone market or wanting to
make the switch to Android you can't go
wrong with this little powerhouse now
this has been my final review of the
Pantech Burst for AT&T now this does
retail for $49 on AT&T with a two-year
contract now if you decide to purchase
that with the element tablet as you can
see I've done some reviews on the
element tablet if you decide to purchase
both of these together the tablet
normally will run you $2.99 with a
two-year contract and the phone will run
you $49.99 but right now AT&T is running
a special that if you purchase both of
these on contract you will get them both
for two $49.99 and this has been Roger
with I gadget geek